End-To-End tests for External Application Integration scenario (#3706)
kyma-project/kyma: tests/end-to-end/external-solution-integration/README.md

## Scenario

1. Create an Application
2. Create a ApplicationMapping for that application to test namespace
3. Deploy lambda to test namespace
4. Start test service in test namespace. Lambda should call it upon receiving an event
5. Connect application via application gateway (client certificates) 
6. Register test service in application registry. This service exposes event API.
7. Create ServiceInstance for registered ServiceClass
8. Create ServiceBinding for that instance
9. Create ServiceBindingUsage of that binding for deployed lambda
10. Create Subscription for lambda, so it is subscribed to events exposed by application
11. Send event to application gateway
12. Verify that test service has been called by lambda

## Requirements for running locally

* running kyma cluster

## Run test locally

### Run against Kyma cluster on Minikube 

> 1. In your `/etc/hosts` find entry with Kyma domains. Add `counter-service.kyma.local` at the end. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Add an entry to your system's `/etc/hosts` that maps the `counter-service.kyma.local` to `127.0.0.1` 
```

> 2. Run the test using following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Run the test using the following command:
```

    ```
    go run ./cmd/runner e2e
    ```
   

> ### Run against Kyma cluster in the cloud

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Run on a cluster Kyma deployment
```

> Run the test using following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run the test using the following command:
```

```

> go run ./cmd/runner e2e --domain {DOMAIN}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
go run ./cmd/runner e2e --domain {CLUSTER_DOMAIN}
```

```

> If you are running the test against cluster with invalid SSL certificates (e.g. self-signed), add `--skipSSLVerify` flag.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
>**TIP:** If you are running the test on a cluster with invalid or self-signed SSL certificates, use the `--skipSSLVerify` flag.
```
